It's fine now. Why?
Because I am here.
He's so cool!
Once I get my Quirk.
I wanna be like him. too!
You should probably give it up.
Even if that was true…
You're below the rejects!
You're Quirkless!
How can you even stand
in the same ring as me?
What the hell can you do?
Even if that's what everyone thinks…
I'm sorry. Izuku!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry!
No. that's not it.
That's not it. Mom.
I…
Even so. I…
Even if I don't have a Quirk.
can I become a hero?
Can even someone without a Quirk
be like you?
Without a Quirk?
Oh no. holy shit.
goddammit…
It might've been
because I don't have a Quirk.
but I'm always made fun of.
Maybe that's why…
I don't know.
But I think
saving people is super cool.
Saving people with a fearless smile.
I want to be the greatest hero.
like you!
TATOOIN SHOPPING DISTRICT
WELCOME
Where am I?
What happened?
-Texas Smash!
-Oh yeah. That bastard…
If it weren't for that bastard…
Hey. Katsuki. aren't you
and Midoriya childhood friends?
You went a little overboard today.
It's his fault for getting in my way.
Don't let it get to you.
It's just that it's been my goal
ever since I was little.
And well.
I won't know unless I try.
He's an idiot dreaming like a kid!
Just watching him pisses me off!
Then. why don't we go to the arcade
for a change of pace?
You'll come. too. right. Katsuki?
Yeah.
Then let's go to the one
in front of the station.
There's lots of prey there.
You're terrible.
What? If we get caught.
it'll end up on my record!
Hey. look!
An invisible cloak with a great Quirk!
EPISODE TWO:
WHAT IT TAKES TO BE A HERO
You're deflating!
Wait. up until now…
Huh?
Fake? A fake? You're so skinny!
I am All Might…
No way!
You know how the guys at the pool
are constantly flexing and posturing?
-It's like that.
-No way!
It can't be…
All Might is fearless…
He saves everyone with a smile…
He's the greatest…
A fearless smile. huh?
Now that you've seen me like this.
young man.
make sure you don't write about it online.
even accidentally.
It's an injury I got
from an enemy's attack five years ago.
Half of my respiratory organs
were destroyed.
and I lost my whole stomach.
I've become emaciated
from repeated surgeries
and the aftereffects.
Right now. I can only work as a hero
for about three hours a day.
That can't be…
Five years ago… Was that
when you fought Toxic Chainsaw?
You're well-informed.
But a punk like that couldn't defeat me.
This fight was not made public
to the world.
I asked that it not be made public.
I will save people with a smile!
The Symbol of Peace
cannot be daunted by evil.
I smile to show the pressure of heroes
and to trick the fear inside of me.
Pros are always risking their lives.
I cannot simply say:
"You can become a hero
even without power."
I see…
If you want to help others.
then you could also become
a police officer.
They're often teased because they get
villains delivered to their doorstep.
but that is also a fine occupation.
It's not bad to dream.
But you also have to consider
what's realistic. young man.
Now. I need to quickly get this guy…
Don't tell me…
A villain!
What hero will go to the scene?
I cannot simply say:
"You can become a hero
even without power."
TATOOIN SHOPPING DISTRICT
WELCOME
It's a villain!
A child was taken hostage?
You coward!
What is this?
I can't grab hold!
Death Arms!
Crap!
Don't come near me!
I won't let sewage like this
swallow me!
You little…
What power!
I've hit the jackpot!
With this Quirk and power.
I can get revenge on that guy!
Woah. what's that?
Could he be a big-shot villain?
She's here!
The rookie hero. Mt. Lady!
Wait… I need there to be
at least two lanes!
I'm not good with explosions!
I'll leave it to someone else for today!
Thanks for that.
I have my hands full fighting the fire.
The fire truck's not here yet?
How are things over there?
He's sticky and hard to grab.
and a child with a strong Quirk
is struggling against him.
Thanks to that. it's a minefield.
It's hard to do anything
against this triple play!
Crap!
It's no use!
There's no one who can take care of this
at the scene right now!
All we can do is wait for someone
with a more suitable Quirk!
Let's hold back the damage
until then!
Don't worry.
I'm sure someone will be here soon!
I feel bad for that child. but he'll just
have to bear it a little longer.
Damn it!
If only I had enough power
to blow that guy away!
Hey. doesn't it look kinda bad?
You can do it. heroes!
It was back then!
I was too distracted by my time limit!
I can't believe I made a mistake like this
after admonishing that fan.
Pathetic…
He still can't face reality. even though
he's already a third year in junior high.
It's time for you to think
seriously about your future.
You also have to consider
what's realistic.
HERO ANALYSIS FOR THE FUTURE
Even a top pro said it.
Don't cry! You knew. didn't you?
The reality.
You knew. That's why
you were trying so desperately.
You were averting your eyes.
not looking at reality.
Is this where the explosion earlier was?
Hang on. does that mean
I came out of habit without noticing?
Stop it. It'll just feel
meaningless right now.
Why's that guy here?
Did it get away from All Might?
Did he drop it?
If he did…
then it's my fault.
Why aren't the heroes doing anything?
They can't. Apparently the villain
caught a junior high schooler.
It's been like that for a while.
Caught?
It's been like that for a while?
How can they bear that suffocation?
I thought I'd die after a few seconds.
Wow.
Anyway. wasn't that villain
the one All Might was chasing earlier?
All Might? No way! He's here?
I think I saw him earlier.
Seriously?
Then what's All Might doing?
It's my fault!
He can't do anything!
Pathetic…
He can't catch that guy.
All we can do is wait for a hero
with a more suitable Quirk!
Pathetic…
Do your best! I'm sorry!
I'm so sorry!
Pathetic!
Help will arrive soon…
Someone…
A hero… will soon…
Idiot! Stop!
Stop!
That brat…
Deku…
Why did I run out?
What am I doing?
Why?
Die in an explosion!
What do I do at a time like this?
BINDING LACQUERED CHAIN PRISON
Page 25!
Take that!
Kacchan!
-Why are you here?
-My legs moved on their own!
I don't know why. though!
I think there were various reasons.
You should probably give it up.
It's my fault…
How can you even stand
in the same ring as me?
He's so cool!
-Unless I try…
-Kacchan!
-It's been my goal…
-I'll do my best!
He saves everyone with a smile…
But at that moment…
You looked like you were asking for help…
Stop it!
Pathetic…
Pathetic!
Just a little longer.
Don't get in my way!
He'll die in vain! Is he suicidal?
I really am pathetic.
All Might…
Even though I admonished you.
I wasn't putting what I said
into practice!
Pros are always risking their lives!
All Might!
Detroit Smash!
Rain?
Don't tell me it's from
the wind pressure just now?
An updraft developed and…
He made… clouds?
Hey!
With just his right fist.
he changed the weather!
That's amazing!
That's All Might for ya!
After this. heroes
collected the scattered sludge.
and safely delivered it to the police.
Jeez. there's a limit
to how rash you can be!
There was absolutely no reason
for you to put yourself in danger!
I got majorly scolded
by the heroes.
but Kacchan was praised.
That was amazing toughness!
And that Quirk!
Once you're a pro.
please come to my agency!
You'll definitely be
an excellent sidekick!
I wanted to apologize to All Might.
but he was still getting interviewed.
I'll try sending him a message
on his website when I get home.
Deku!
Kacchan?
I never asked you for help!
And you didn't help me! Got it?
I was fine by myself.
You're a Quirkless failure
playing without a full deck!
Don't think you can
look down on me!
Are you trying to make me owe you?
Don't look down on me!
You damn nerd!
"Toughness"…
It's just as Kacchan said.
It's not like I accomplished anything.
or changed anything.
But. I'm glad.
Now I can think of a realistic future.
I am here!
All Might?
Why are you here?
You were surrounded
by reporters until just now.
Getting away from them
was a piece of cake.
Why?
Because I am All Might…
Young man.
I come with thanks. a correction.
and a suggestion.
If you hadn't been there.
if you hadn't told me
about your life.
I would've turned into a guy
in a bodysuit who was all talk.
Thank you.
That can't be…
It was my fault in the first place.
I got in the way of your work.
and I said all those impertinent
things even though I'm Quirkless…
That's right.
It was because it was none other
than the timid. Quirkless you
at the scene
that I was able to act.
Top heroes have stories
about them from their school days.
Most of their stories
have one thing in common:
Their bodies moved
before they had a chance to think.
For some reason.
I remembered my mother's words.
I'm sorry. Izuku!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry!
That was true for you. too. wasn't it?
Yeah…
That's not it. Mom.
Back then. what I wanted you to say…
The words I wanted to hear were…
You can become a hero.
Dreams can become reality.
By the way. I forgot to mention
that this is the story
of how I became the greatest hero.
NEXT TIME
Young man.
you are worthy to inherit my power.
Inherit your power?
Take my Quirk. One For All!
With this.
I can become a hero. too. right?
Of course not.
Your body can't take it.
Huh?
Next time. "Roaring Muscles"!
Young Midoriya will get buff!
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!